Update the tutorial for creating a new check (#3403)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/dev/new_check_howto.md

## Prerequisites

> Python 2.7 or 3.7 needs to be available on your system. It is strongly recommended to create and activate a [Python virtual environment][1] in order to isolate the development environment. See the [Python Environment documentation][2] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 2.7 or 3.7 needs to be available on your system. Datadog recommends creating and activating a [Python virtual environment][1] to isolate the development environment. For more information, see the [Python Environment documentation][2].
```

> You'll also need `docker` in order to run the full test suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll also need `docker` to run the full test suite.
```

ddev config set repo extras
```

> **Note**: If you do not do this step, you'll need to use `-e` for every invokation to ensure the context is `integrations-extras`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you do not do this step, you'll need to use `-e` for every invocation to ensure the context is `integrations-extras`:
```

Author: 🤦‍♂️

The interactive mode is a wizard for creating new Integrations. By answering a handful of questions, the scaffolding will be set up and lightly pre-configured for you.

```

> ddev create awesome

Reviewer 2: This addresses the issue of accidentally creating `MyCheckCheck` which is nice. 👍

* It must derive from `AgentCheck`
* It must provide a method with this signature: `check(self, instance)`

> Checks are organized in regular Python packages under the `datadog_checks` namespace, so your code should live under `awesome/datadog_checks/awesome`. The only requirement is that the name of the package has to be the same as the check name. There are no particular restrictions on the name of the Python modules within that package, nor on the name of the class implementing the check.

Reviewer 2: Unclear as to whether instances of "check" here are generic or proper names; in the latter, they should be capitalised. ping @apigirl

### Implement check logic

Let's say we want to create a Service Check named `awesome.search` that searches for a string on a web page. It will result in `OK` if the string is present, `WARNING` if the page is accessible but the string was not found, and `CRITICAL` if the page is inaccessible.

The code would look something like this:

```python
import requests

> from datadog_checks.base import AgentCheck, ConfigurationError

Reviewer 2: ✔️

class AwesomeCheck(AgentCheck):
    """AwesomeCheck derives from AgentCheck, and provides the required check method."""

    def check(self, instance):
        url = instance.get('url')
        search_string = instance.get('search_string')

        # It's a very good idea to do some basic sanity checking.
        # Try to be as specific as possible with the exceptions.
        if not url or not search_string:

>             raise ConfigurationError('Configuration error, please fix awesome.yaml')

Reviewer 2: Style question: should we recommend single or double quotes for output strings?

Author: Single is what we usually do

        try:
            response = requests.get(url)
            response.raise_for_status()

        # Something went horribly wrong
        except Exception as e:
            # Ideally we'd use a more specific message...
            self.service_check('awesome.search', self.CRITICAL, message=str(e))

        # Page is accessible
        else:

> 

Reviewer 2: whitespace?

Author: I thought it would be better for showing/demoing. I can remove if you want

Reviewer 2: People _will_ use this as a basis for their own code, so we might as well enforce proper style right from the get-go, imho.

            # search_string is present
            if search_string in response.text:
                self.service_check('awesome.search', self.OK)

            # search_string was not found
            else:
                self.service_check('awesome.search', self.WARNING)
```

> To learn more about the base Python class, see the [Python API documentation][5]. Moving along, let's dive into tests, which are an important part of any project (and _required_ for inclusion in `integrations-extras`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the base Python class, see the [Python API documentation][5].
```

I added this information below just in case someone skips to this section - it is important info for why you need to add tests

Reviewer 2: 👍 @apigirl's suggestion

### Writing tests

> There are two basic types of tests: unit tests for specific functionality, and integration tests that execute the `check` method and verify proper metrics collection. Note that [pytest][6] and [tox][7] are used to run the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two basic types of tests: unit tests for specific functionality, and integration tests that execute the `check` method and verify proper metrics collection. Tests are _required_ if you want your integration to be included in `integrations-extras`). Note that [pytest][6] and [tox][7] are used to run the tests.
```

For more information, see the [Datadog Checks Dev documentation][8].

> The first part of the `check` method we wrote retrieves and verifies two pieces of information we need from the configuration file. This is a good candidate for a unit test. Open the file at `awesome/tests/test_awesome.py` and replace the contents with something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first part of this `check` method retrieves and verifies two pieces of information we need from the configuration file. This is a good candidate for a unit test. Open the file at `awesome/tests/test_awesome.py` and replace the contents with something like this:
```

Author: Since the method was defined way up above are you sure `this` is correct?

Reviewer: I see what you mean. I changed my suggestion back to `the`

```python
import pytest

# Don't forget to import your Integration!
from datadog_checks.awesome import AwesomeCheck
from datadog_checks.base import ConfigurationError

@pytest.mark.unit
def test_config():
    instance = {}
    c = AwesomeCheck('awesome', {}, [instance])

    # empty instance
    with pytest.raises(ConfigurationError):
        c.check(instance)

    # only the url
    with pytest.raises(ConfigurationError):
        c.check({'url': 'http://foobar'})

    # only the search string
    with pytest.raises(ConfigurationError):
        c.check({'search_string': 'foo'})

    # this should not fail
    c.check({'url': 'http://foobar', 'search_string': 'foo'})
```

`pytest` has the concept of _markers_ that can be used to group tests into categories. Notice we've marked `test_config` as a `unit` test.

The scaffolding has already been set up to run all tests located in `awesome/tests`. Run the tests:

```
ddev test awesome
```

> The test we just wrote doesn't check our collection _logic_ though, so let's add an integration test. We will use `docker` to spin up an Nginx container and let the check retrieve the welcome page. Create a compose file at `awesome/tests/docker-compose.yml` with the following contents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test doesn't check our collection _logic_ though, so let's add an integration test. Use `docker` to spin up an Nginx container and let the check retrieve the welcome page. Create a compose file at `awesome/tests/docker-compose.yml` with the following contents:
```

Author: `use` sounds too authoritative imo especially since we're not really telling them _what_ to do but rather _how_ we do it

Author: Wdyt?

Reviewer: `We will use` is passive, so maybe `We use` to make it active?

Author: Sure! Update and I'll commit
